# student-life

Project Name - Student Life (Daily Routine)
Project Description: what is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.

  The general idea was to present a sound presentation of a person's daily routine and what would they go through during the day. From a loud morning alarm, to brushing teeth. Then, according to those sounds, we would create illustrations to match and that it would be possible to navigate the website according to the sounds. I am happy that after discussing it with Hamad, he agreed on the black and white concept on the website, and when it would come time to move on, an object that made a sound would light up to press on. It should flow smoothly, and create a sense that the viewer of the website was in the skin of the person experiencing the sounds.
  
Process: How did you go about implementing the concept.

  Before the fall break, me and Hamad decided to form a group together to start on the sounds of the project. He suggested that we create a daily routine for this project, such as that would take the user on a journey through the sounds of every day. At that time, we thought that the group should have been consisting of 2 people, but after the break we realized it was more. Although I stayed home for this project, Hamad was great in creating a bigger group and assigning us the tasks. 
  Him and my classmates decided on the main themes of the sounds that would be recorded in-class, even though we had already briefly discussed them. The script consisted of 7 different sound parts, that Hamad and Isha decided to record and do the post-production of sounds. Then, it was clear that the website would be for me and Edgar to do, so I asked to design it. The script helped me to draw 7 images that I traced & drew with my hands on a touch-screen computer that I was able to acquire at home. I used the app called "Concepts", and it took me around 1.5-2 hours per drawing, also because I had not drawn in a bit, and because I had not used an app like that. Of course, drawing on a computer is easier than by hand because you can delete mistakes easier. After I created the drawings, I also used an online website to accentuate parts of the drawings - orange, so that Edgar could code it into buttons to press. Lastly, Hamad created incredible buttons, that he first wanted me to draw, but I thought it was more appropriate to allocate the work to Isha or Hamad, as the drawings took so much of my time.
  For the last part - putting together the sounds and drawings together, it was Edgar's work. He needed some pictures to be converted into PNG's, which Isha decided to help with. Overall, I am very happy how Edgar coded it into once piece.
  
Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.

  I believe that the final project achieved our expectations, and I am happy that my group was accommodating in communicating with me through Whatsapp. Although I do understand that it's not easy when we have to communicate online, there really was no other way. I did feel like the drawings took too much time, but I tried to show my groupmates that I would still do the work, even if I was not in-person. But personally, I feel quite exhausted, especially because my health was much worse when I did them. But I'm happy my groupmates were happy with the work, and thought it suited the our concept and ideas. I am also happy how we worked together to create the final working website. 
